Name and Domicile Address and Description of Legacy, Devise
Relationship Mailing Address or Other Interest, or Nature
of Fiduciary Status

i

NONE

[NOTE: In the case of each infant, state (a) name, birth date, relationship to decedent, domicile and residence address, and
the person with whom he/she resides, (b) whether or not he/she has a court-appointed guardian (if not, so state), and
whether or not his/her father and/or mother is living, and (c) the name and residence address of any court-appointed
guardian and the information regarding such appointment. in the case of each other person under a disability, state (a)
name, relationship to decedent, and residence address, (b) facts regarding his disability including whether or not a
committee, conservator, guardian, or any other fiduciary has been appointed and whether or not he/she has been committed
to any institution, and (c) the names and addresses of any committee, person or institution having care and custody of
himfher, conservator, guardian, and any relative or friend having an interest in his/her welfare. In the case of a person
confined as a prisoner, state place of incarceration and list any person having an interest in his/her welfare. In the case of
unknowns, describe such person in the same language as will be used in the process.]

8. (a) No beneficiary under the propounded will, listed in Paragraph 6 or 7 above, had a confidential relationship to
the decedent, such as attorney, accountant, doctor, or clergyperson, except

NONE

(b) No persons, corporations or associations are interested in this proceeding other than those mentioned
above.

9. (a) To the best of the knowledge of the undersigned, the approximate total value of all property constituting
the decedent's gross testamentary estate is greater than $500,000 and less than 1,030,000.

Personal Property $220,000.00
Improved real property in New York State $800,00.00
Unimproved real property in New York State NIA
Estimated gross rents for a period of 18 months NIA

b) No other testamentary assets exist in New York State, nor does any cause of action exist on behalf of
the estate, except as follows:
NONE

10. Upon information and belief, no other petition for the probate of any will of the decedent or for letters

of administration of the decedent's estate has heretofore been filed in any court.

P-1 (03/18)
