Domicile Address: Street and Number
165 Nancy Lane
City, Village or Town
Staten Island
County
Richmond

State Zip Code Country

New York 10307 United States

Date of Death Piace of Death

October 4, 2025 Staten Island University Hospital
3. The Last Will, herewith presented, relates to both real and personal property and consists of an

instrument or instruments dated as shown below and signed at the end thereof by the decedent and the
following attesting witnesses:

August 14, 2025 Terence M. Higgins and Alison M. Burns
Date of Will Name of All Witnesses to Will

4. No other wiil or codicil of the decedent is on file in this Surrogate’s Court, and upon information
and belief, after a diligent search and inquiry, including a search of any safe deposit box, there exists no will,
codicil or other testamentary instrument of the decedent later in date to any of the instruments mentioned in
Paragraph 3 except as follows: [X] None

5. The decedent was survived by distributees classified as follows: {Information is required only as to
those classes of surviving relatives who would take the property of decedent pursuant to EPTL 4-1.1 and 4-1.2.
State the number of survivors in each class. Insert “No” in all prior classes. Insert “X” in all subsequent
classes].

a. Spouse (husband/wife).

b. Child or children and/or issue of predeceased child or children. [Must include marital,

nonmarital, adopted, or adopted-out child under DRL Section 117]
Mother/Father.

Sisters and/or brothers, either of the whole or half blood, and issue of predeceased
sisters and/or brothers (nieces/nephews, etc.).

Grandparents. {include maternal and paternal]

Aunts and/or uncles, and children of predeceased aunts and/or uncles (first cousins).
[include maternal and paternal]

a.

First cousins once removed (children of predeceased first cousins).
[include maternal and paternal]

6. The names, relationships, domicile and addresses of all distributees (under EPTL 4-1.1 and 4-1.2) of
each person designated in the Will herewith presented as primary executor, of all persons adversely affected
by the purported exercise by such Will of any power of appointment, of all persons adversely affected by any
codicil and of all persons having an interest under any other will of the decedent on fi le in the Surrogate’s
Court, are hereinafter set forth in subdivisions (a) and (b).

[If the propounded will purports to revoke or modify an inter vivos trust or any other testamentary
substitute, list the names, relationships, domicile and addresses of the trustee and beneficiaries affected by the
will in subparagraphs (a) and (b) below. Submit trust agreement.]

6. (a) All persons and parties so interested who are of full age and sound mind or which are
corporations or associations, are as follows:

New York Surrogate'’s Court Forms P-17 (3/2018) -2- © 2025 Matthew Bender & Company, Inc., a member of LexisNexis.
