Decedent Information:
Name Citizenship

PATRICIA RUBIO United States
Country

Domicile Address: Street and Number
State Zip Code
NEW YORK 10301 UNITED STATES

1000 CLOVE ROAD, APT. 7M
Date of Death Place of Death
October 24, 2025 STATEN ISLAND UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL

City, Village or Town

STATEN ISLAND
County

The Death Certificate must be filed with this proceeding. If the decedent's domicile is different from

that shown on the death certificate, check box [X] and attach an affidavit explaining the reason for this

inconsistency.

RICHMOND

3. The estimated gross value of: [Do not include any assets that are jointly held, held in trust for
another, or have a named beneficiary.]

a) The decedent’s personal property passing by intestacy is less than $175,000.00
b) The decedent’s real property, in this state, which is

Improved, passing by intestacy, is less than ” $0.00

Description of each parcel: PY
Unimproved, passing by intestacy, is less than $0.00

Description of each parcel: hee $0.00
tts Tn $175,000.00

c) The estimated gross rent for a period of eighteen (18) months is the sum of $0.00

(d) In addition to the value of the personal property stated in paragraph (3) the following right of action
existed on behalf of the decedent and survived his/her death, or is granted to the administrator of the decedent
by special provision of law, and it is impractical to give a bond sufficient to cover the probable amount to be
recovered therein: [Briefly state the cause of action and the person against whom it exists, including names
and carrier.] [X] None

(e) If decedent is survived by a spouse and a parent, or parents but no issue, and there is a claim for
wrongful death, check here [ ] and furnish name(s) and address(es) of parent(s) in Paragraph 7. [See EPTL
5-4. 4.]

4. A diligent search and inquiry, including a search of any safe deposit box, has been made for a will of
the decedent and none has been found. Petitioner(s) has/have been unable to obtain any information
concerning any will of the decedent and therefore allege(s), upon information and belief, that the decedent died
without leaving any last will.

5. A search of the records of this Court shows that no application has ever been made for letters of
administration upon the estate of the decedent or for the probate of a will of the decedent, and your petitioner
is informed and verily believes that no such application ever has been made to the Surrogate’s Court of any
other county of this state.

New York Surrogate's Court Forms A-1 (3/2018) -2- © 2025 Matthew Bender & Company, Inc., a member of LexisNexis.
