City, Village or Town State Zip Code Country
Description of Legacy, Devise or Other Interest

Nature of Fiduciary Status (if applicable)

8. (a) No beneficiary under the propounded will, listed in Paragraph 6 or 7 above, had a confidential
relationship to the decedent, such as attorney, accountant, doctor, or clergyperson, except: [X] None

(b) No persons, corporations or associations are interested in this proceeding other than those
mentioned above.

9. (a) To the best of the Knowledge of the undersigned, the approximate total value of all property
constituting the decedent's gross testamentary estate is:

Greater than | g 500,000.00
But less than $ 900,000.00
Personal Propert $ 100,000.00
Improved Real Property in New York Siate $ 806,000.00
Unimproved Real Property in New York State $ 9.00

(6) No other testamentary assets exist in New York State, nor does any cause of action exist on behalf
of the estate, except as follows: [X] Nons

10. Upon information and belief, no other petition for the probate of any will of the decedent or for
letters of administration of the decedent's estate has heretofore been filed in any court.

WHEREFORE your petitioner(s) pray(s) (a) that process be issued to all necessary parties to show
cause why the Will and the Codicil(s) set forth in Paragraph 3 and presented herewith should not be admitted
to probate; (b) that an order be granted directing the service of process, pursuant to the provisions of Article 3
of the SCPA, upon the persons named in Paragraph (6) hereof whose names or whereabouts are unknown
and cannot be ascertained, or who may be persons on whom service by personal delivery cannot be made;
and (c) that such Will and Codicil(s) be admitted to probate as a Will of real and personal property and that
letters issue thereon as follows:

[X] Letters Testamentary to: MIDGIE A. FAZIO
{ ] Letters of Trusteeship to:
[ ] Letters of Administration c.t.a. to:
and that petitioner(s) have such other relief as may be proper.

{ ] Further relief sought (if any):

Dated: Neto, +23, 2025
MIDGIE A. FAZIO MAiligie \ aut
Print Name Signature of Pétitioner

New York Surrogate’s Court Forms P-1 (3/2018) -5- © 2025 Matthew Bender & Company, inc., a member of LexisNexis.
