COMBINED VERIFICATION, OATH AND DESIGNATION
For use when petitioner is an individual

STATE OF NEW YORK )
):ss;;
COUNTY OF RICHMOND )

The undersigned, the petitioner named in the foregoing petition, being duly sworn, says:

1. VERIFICATION: | have read the foregoing petition subscribed by me and know the contents thereof,
and the same is true of my own knowledge, except as to the matters therein stated to be alleged upon
information and belief, and as to those matters | believe it to be true.

2. OATH OF [X] EXECUTOR [ ] ADMINISTRATOR c.t.a. [ ] TRUSTEE as indicated above: | am over
eighteen (18) years of age, and | will well, faithfully and honestly discharge the duties of Fiduciary of the goods,
chattels and credits of said decedent according to law. | am not ineligible, pursuant to SCPA 707, to receive
letters and will duly account for all moneys and other property that will come into my hands.

3. DESIGNATION OF CLERK FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS: | hereby designate the Clerk of the
Surrogate’s Court of Richmond County, and his/her successor in office, as a person on whom service of any
process, issuing from such Court may be made in like manner and with like effect as if it were served
personally upon me, whenever | cannot be found and served within the State of New York after due diligence

used.

My domicile is: 105 Cannon Avenue, Staten Island, New York 10314.

Robert Cur a sn ae a

Print Name Signature of Petitioner

On the 8th day of December 2025, before me, the undersigned, personally appeared, Robert Curry,
personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name
is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his capacity, and
that by his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of which the individual acted,
executed the instrument.

JENNIFER MONTELLO
Notary Public, State of New York
No. 02M06336603
Qualified in Richmond County,
Commission Expires Feb. 08, 20.”

Jennifer Montello

Signature of Attorney Print Name of Attorney

Kuhn O' e atetta, LLP (718) 720-3900

Firm Name Telephone

2 Green Street, Staten Island, New York 10310 jmontello@komlawfirm.com

Address Email (optional)

New York Surrogate's Court Forms P-1 (3/2018) -6- © 2025 Matthew Bender & Company, Inc., a member of LexisNexis.
