2. The name, domicile, date and place of death, and national citizenship of the above-named decedent
are as follows:

Decedent Information:

Name Citizenship

Walter Scott, a/k/a Walter H. Scott United States
Country

Domicile Address: Street and Number
16 Ada Drive
City, Village or Town State ZIP Code
Staten Island New York 10314 United States
Date of Death Place of Death
October 4, 2021 Staten Island Universi
3. The Last Will, herewith presented, relates to both real and personal property and consists of an
instrument or instruments dated as shown below and signed at the end thereof by the decedent and the

County
following attesting witnesses:

Richmond
August 2, 2016 Michele Santacroce and Michael Pellegrino, Esq.

Date of Will Name of All Witnesses to Will

ital, Staten Island, NY 10305

4. No other will or codicil of the decedent is on file in this Surrogate’s Court, and upon information and
belief, after a diligent search and inquiry, including a search of any safe deposit box, there exists no will,
codicil or other testamentary instrument of the decedent later in date to any of the instruments mentioned in

Paragraph 3 except as follows: None

5. The decedent was survived by distributees classified as follows:

Spouse (husband/wife).

Child or children and/or issue of predeceased child or children. [Must include marital,
nonmarital, adopted, or adopted-out child under DRL Section 117]

Mother/Father.

Sisters and/or brothers, either of the whole or half blood, and issue of predeceased sisters
and/or brothers (nieces/nephews, etc.).

Grandparents. [Include maternal and paternal]

Aunts and/or uncles, and children of predeceased aunts and/or uncles (first cousins).
[Include maternal and paternal]

First cousins once removed (children of predeceased first cousins). [Include maternal and
paternal]

rh

p
Bb) EE] AE} IE

g.

6. The names, relationships, domicile and addresses of all distributees (under EPTL 4-1.1 and 4-1.2)
of each person designated in the Will herewith presented as primary executor, of all persons adversely
affected by the purported exercise by such Will of any power of appointment, of all persons adversely
affected by any codicil and of all persons having an interest under any other will of the decedent on file in the
Surrogate’s Court, are hereinafter set forth in subdivisions (a) and (b).

[lf the propounded will purports to revoke or modify an inter vivos trust or any other testamentary
substitute, list the names, relationships, domicile and addresses of the trustee and beneficiaries affected by the
will in subparagraphs (a) and (b) below. Submit trust agreement. ]

New York Surrogate's Court Forms P-1 (3/2018) -2- © 2025 Matthew Bender & Company, Inc., a member of LexisNexis.
