2 The name, domicile, date and place of death, and national citizenship of the above-named deced: nt as
follows:
(a) Name: DONALD GRECO
aka DONALD D. GRECO
(b) Date of death AUGUST 25, 2025
(c) Place of death EGER HEALTHCARE & REHABILITATION CENTER
(d) Domicile: Street 416 RETFORD AVE.
City, Town, Village STATEN ISLAND, 10312
County RICHMOND State NEW YORK
(e) Citizen of: USA

3 The Last Will, herewith presented, relates to both real and personal property and consists of an
instrument or instruments dated as shown below and signed at the end thereof by the decedent and the following
attesting witnesses:

APRIL14, 2017 MARLEY SCHONFELD & JOSEPH BESTREICH
(Date of Will) (Names of All Witnesses to Will)
NONE
(Date of Codicil) (Names of All Witnesses to Codicil)
NONE
4. No other will or codicil of the decedent is on file in this Surrogate’s Court, and upon information and belief,

after a diligent search and inquiry, including a search of any safe deposit box, there exists no will, codicil or other
testamentary instrument of the decedent later in date to any of the instruments mentioned in Paragraph 3 except as follows:
(Enter “NONE” or specify]

NONE

5. The decedent was survived by distributees classified as follows: [Information is required only as to those
classes of surviving relatives who would take the property of decedent pursuant to EPTL 4-1.1 and 4-1.2. State
the number of survivors in each class. Insert “NO” in all prior classes. Insert “X” in all subsequent classes]

a. 1 Spouse (husband/wife).

b. m1 Child or children and/or issue of predeceased child or children.
(Must include marital, nonmarital, adopted, or adopted-out of child under DRL Section 117]
x Mother/Father.

C.

d. p.4 Sisters and/or brothers, either of the whole or half blood, and issue of predeceased siste’s
and/or brothers (nieces/nephews, etc.)

e. x Grandparents. [Include maternal and paternal]

f. x Aunts and/or uncles, and children of predeceased aunts and/or uncles (first cousins).

{Include maternal and paternal]
g. X First cousins once removed (children of predeceased first cousins). {Include maternal ar d
paternal]
